um this is this is a heat exchanger we
call it here on the box the HAF see
vaporizer that's really a misnomer to
vaporize gasoline you need 374 degrees
and this is going to fit on your
radiator hose so you're going to wrap
this on the radiator hose wrap it with a
header wrap you're going to put some
aluminum on it so that you can hold the
heat end wrap it on to the radiator hose
and in your gas line you'll send your
gas line directly into this end and back
through here so you're sending your gas
line through a heat exchanger that's
wrapped onto your hot radiator hose now
it's not going to get 374 but they'll
get about 200 degrees Fahrenheit this
will not vaporize the fuel but it will
preheat the fuel so you heat your fuel
is now being preheated as it goes in now
one of the other things that people have
known for a long time is that if you
take magnets and you put magnets on your
gas line your eye on izing your fuel as
it goes in when you ionize it you line
all the molecules up and as the
molecules come into your engine they
burn more systematically and you get
more of a full burn out of it now this
right here is the only to my knowledge
the only heat exchanger that is also
magnetic it's made of aluminum and to
have magnetic aluminum is quite weird so
but actually this not only is preheating
your fuel but it is also ionizing your
fuel so preheating and ionizing your
fuel sending your fuel into the engine
so that the conditioner and further
break it down vaporize it and it can be
mixed with now as your computer senses a
rich or fuel it then reduces the amount
of fuel that you're putting in because
you're already rich so when you're
running rich you don't need as much fuel
now speaking of the computer you do have
a problem
there because the computer is designed
to protect General Motors or to protect
the manufacturer and to have your fuel
do what they want it to do well we have
something that's enriching your fuel so
they can reduce the amount of fuel that
you got but if it runs lean for a long
enough period of time your computer
figures this out and says wait a minute
somebody's probably doing something
weird here and it puts your car over
into full rich when it does that yes you
enjoyed good fuel economy for a while
but all of a sudden where's the fuel
economy at your computer has said no no
no no no we can't have this so we've
designed also a little sensor that we
can install on your car you have o2
sensors that are measuring the oxygen
content in your catalytic converter so
we've designed something that is going
to send a signal back to your computer
and we're going to change the set points
with this little device we're going to
change the set point so that when your
o2 sensors sense that it's too rich or
too lean it's going to go back and tell
the computer things that are in your
favor in other words we're not going to
keep them set at the place that the
automotive manufacturers have them set
where you waste a lot of fuel and use of
course all the fuel to build up sludge
and destroy your engine instead we're
going to set those set points at a place
where it works for you this little
device right here will fool your
computer and keep your computer online
so that your vehicle's online so that
you'll continue to enjoy your savings
for a long period of time now as I've
already said this is a system that we
put together we did not intend to build
this system and the only reason that we
did build this system is that we
discovered with our pre-ignition
catalytic converter that we could close
the loop on an engine and revolutionize
engines in general internal combustion
engines we want to take the time to
fully develop that pre
and catalytic converter you only get one
chance to make a first impression and we
want to come out and and be able to
eliminate the exhaust system on your
automobile so because of the
inconvenience we're causing you having
to wait a little extra time for us to
fully develop this so that we can take
your exhaust system off and throw it
away we thought that we would try to
bring some interim measure for you so
that you could get some fuel economy now
this is not as good as the pre-ignition
catalytic converter as you notice it
does some of the same things that the
pre-ignition catalytic converter does
but we're not creating a plasma and
we're not anywhere near as sophisticated
as the p ICC so we just reached out
there and took some of the well-known
energy saving devices put them into a
kit so that we inconvenience for you
could give you some fuel economy while
you're waiting and whatever you pay for
this whatever you pay one hundred
percent of that can be applied to your
pre-ignition catalytic converter when
your quote is ready so this virtually
ultimately if you get the pre-ignition
catalytic converter will not have cost
you anything and while you're waiting
for your catalytic converted you can get
that fifty percent for one hundred
percent savings
well that's our little kit the first
line of defense against your own battle
in the war on fossil fuels as I have
stated your P ICC quote is in process it
will come with details on the expected
mileage and extra engine life we are
confident that we will perfect all
aspects of that technology before years
in this H AFC kit is available now we
hope you will allow us to get you
involved in both of our solutions as a
two step process for ultimate savings of
course the p icc women's available in
which the fuel savings will greatly
exceed the monthly payments both
solutions will pay for themselves and
give you immediate relief upon
installation disc it may be all you can
afford and if so we will be glad we
could help our representative will be
contacting you with the price of this
kit and you can calculate whether or not
the guaranteed fifty percent minimum
increase in mileage justifies the cost
if you get the higher hundred percent
savings there should be no question
about fuel savings the neat thing is
that it is guaranteed and if you move on
to the P ICC whatever you got will have
been absolutely free you cannot beat
that thank you for your interest in
helping us free America from our
dependence on foreign oil our
representative will be contacting you
soon